When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping your work local?

One of the great parts of using a remote repository, like ones hosted on Github, is
that you free yourself from the constraint of working on just one machine. When you
use a remote repository, you have a central workspace accessible from anywhere, if
you know where to find it, and you or someone else can work on the same project from
different computers.  This makes group work much easier as well.



Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If you're working on a project with multiple people, who may be changing code at the same
time as you are, you should be in control of your local workspace.  You could be working
on the same piece of code as someone else, and their newly-committed changes could
interfere with yours.  If Git automatically kept your local repository up-to-date with the
remote repository, who's to say that it would perform this update at a logical time,
working with you as you make your own changes?  By operating manually, Git provides a
finer granularity of control, and less ambiguity in your project.



Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When should you use one
instead of another?

Branches are used to keep one project straight, by creating multiple paths that a project
can exist on simultaneously.  It's great for adding new features without cluttering the
production-ready code, or for experimental changes that you're not sure will ever make it
to the master branch, or for a different version.  Regardless, you create branches on a
project that already exists in your local repository (or one that exists on your Github
account). Cloning is a literal duplication of a repository, which puts the duplicate in a
different place than it currently exists. This may be done to copy a repository from Github
to your local machine, or even to copy it from one location on your local machine to
somewhere else on your machine.  Cloning duplicates all the history as well, so you could
technically use it like a branch in time for the project, and discard whichever version you
don't end up using (be it the experimental change that never worked out, or the old version
of the project that's now outdated), but branches are much better because everything stays
in one accessible place, so it's smaller and easier to keep track of and manage. Forks are
basically clones with intent to change.  They're only used on Github, and they're usually
used to clone someone else's repository to your own account so that you can do your own work
on it, while not messing with their repository.  Forks also give credit where credit is due,
by including a link back to the "parent" repository (the one you forked from).  I believe
forks are common when you are not a permitted collaborator on a project, but you have ideas
about changes you would make to a project.  You could later show your work to one of the
moderators of the original project, or just keep it on your account, but showing that not all
of the work originated with you.



What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It provides a point of reference, which you can either compare to, or branch from.  When you
make commits, it can be helpful to know just how far away from the remote repository you are,
or at least how far you've come since the last time you synchronized with that remote. Also,
you can use that point as a new branching-off point for when you get any updated contents
from the remote repository.  If there are no new contents, that's fine, but if there are new
contents, you don't want them getting jumbled up with (or overwriting) your changes.  So by
using a combination of "git fetch [remote name]" to copy any updates from the remote to a new
branch (actually an updated branch name, probably "origin/master"), and "git merge [updated
remote's name] [your branch name, maybe "master"], or combining those two into a "git pull
[remote name]", you can merge your changes into the updated remote without any more hassle
than merging two branches.